08/21/2023

As they say, never judge a day until it is over.

I started out the day planning on doing some more AL1 wiring and giving Phillip some in-office time with me while Moriah prepped for a few days alone.

We anticipated that I would fly out to Pennsylvania Tuesday morning, so Moriah planned to get groceries. She ended up getting us breakfast, 
Titus forgot his shoes, and it was just too hot for her to manage bringing all the kids in to the store with her.

Overnight on Monday there was an emergency issue at a customer with a long history of emergency issues, CBS Boring in Defiance, Ohio. When something goes down
here, it is always a "get here yesterday, even though we don't have a contract" situation. It seemed like John the maintenance manager there, a salty old Marine,
was going to get it taken care of.

For better or worse, they ran into issues that were out of their scope.

We had dinner plans with the Baers in Kansas City and planned to leave their house early enough to hit Aldi on the way back to the Airbnb.

In a very interesting turn of events, a fairly rough looking woman ended up standing outside on the corner of the Baers house around 7:30p.

I was bringing something out to the van, and she struck up nervous conversation. She said someone had just shot at the car she was in with a friend,
and the friend had dropped her off there on the corner in a hurry while trying to escape the gunman.

Her story stayed consistent while talking to me, my wife and Kristen (Daniel's wife) at different times. Apparently Danielle was a divorced, recovering addict who
was now a few months pregnant. We gave her something to eat, encouraged her to turn to God and tried to get her to a place that would be safe and stable for her.

She was able to connect with a friend who picked her up, hopefully we will get to see how her story unfolds and what God does in her life.

Moriah had gone out at some point during the exchange to change Elizabeth's diaper in the van, and accidentally locked the keys in the van.

Of course, we continued hanging out with the Baers inside, and near the end of the night I went to grab the checkbook out of the van to pay Daniel for a favor.

That's when we realized the keys were locked in. It was already 9:30p, so I called up AAA and got the lockout process rolling.

The tech wasn't supposed to arrive until 11:45p. My hopes were dashed of having a restful evening before traveling out in the morning. We explained everything
to the Baers, and graciously they let us rest the best we could in their living room while we waited for AAA.

The tech arrived right on schedule, and we had the van running by midnight.

After loading up the kids, I ran back inside to find David's shoes while Moriah was buckling some of them. When I returned, Moriah was standing by the van looking
down Gladstone Avenue, the main road running by the Baers house. There is just a steep, forested drop off on the other side of that road and a walking trail running several
miles up and down it.

Moriah was intently staring towards a man who could only be described as a mixture of Samuel L. Jackson and a denizen of the Cahulawassee River valley, walking erratically
down the path and babbling incoherence into nothing and to no one. He was shirtless and only wearing denim overalls, with a stalking, aggressive gait. By the time we had
processed his presence, Moriah had moved to get in the passenger seat already. The van was in between us and the man, who was still on the other side of the road.
He had stopped directly in line with the driver window and was hunched aggressively, staring through the window at my wife seated there while I watched him from
behind my wife, through the open passenger door. I tried to get my wife's attention and tell her to hop over to the driver seat and take off, but she didn't
quite catch what I said as she stared at the man. I firmly said her name and explained quickly and directly that she needed to hop over to the driver seat, lock the door
quickly, and drive down the block to pick me up later.

By the time she responded and got over to the driver seat, the man had begun walking briskly across the street. I doubled back through the trees behind to go back into
the Baers house and explained the situation to Kristen. Daniel had gone to sleep because he had to be up pretty early.

A) Thankfully I didn't run into him again when I walked outside, I called Moriah and got her to pick me while I walked the opposite way.
B) I also chambered my Glock at this point, I had the chamber cleared from letting Daniel check it out earlier in the evening. Thankfully I had it if I needed it.

At this point it was nearly 12:45AM as we gratefully unloaded sleeping children into the Airbnb and got the best sleep we could.

Over the course of the evening, my customer had escalated the issue to needing on-site support as soon as possible.

After deliberating for 10 or 15 sleep-deprived minutes, I called Steve and Manny, my coworkers, to shuffle things around. Manny went ahead and took the Pennsylvania
job in my place, and my wife and I decided to start driving to Ohio which was just in reach for a drive (~9.5 hours). Now we are headed down the road to
get to Defiance, OH and we will see what the next day brings.

We are thankful for God's providence, protection and goodness in the midst of all our travels, triumphs and travails.

Signing out,
Ben



Phillip tagged along