08/31/2023

Flying to Florida right now to deal with a warranty issue, should be in and out today.

Listened to a good sermon by Tim Bayly regarding Patriarchalism Good and Bad, great examples given to avoid: Pollyanna, Absalom, Nabal, Herod, Ahab... figurehead patriarchy, usurping lawful
authority, foolish disregard of wife's wisdom (slave not helpmate), and the last two: being incited to evil by wife due to lack of leadership and moral conviction.

Now listening to Fight by Flight by Joel Webbon, great look at fleeing godless areas to build culture long term in the right way. (Biblical masculinity, state tyranny, state education, etc)

To update on the past 10 days or so, it's been a whirlwind.

We made it to Ohio after the events in entry 08212023. I spent 11 hours on-site the next day running into issue after issue, but got the job done and made it back to the campsite (Independence Dam
in Defiance, OH). It was a rough night, I was feeling sick with a headache and my wife had a rough day because I was out a lot longer than anticipated. We ended up arguing and going to bed
angry with each other.

Early that morning, around 4:30AM, a huge thunderstorm rolled through and we found out the waterproofing on our tent had failed. The tent began to take in water through the walls, and then
the floors flooded. We all woke up in a hurry and ran to the van, waking up and trying to figure out what to do next.

The job was basically done, but I did have to go back in to verify some settings. We decided to go sit outside a coffee shop for a while to get coffee and breakfast... if you're ever in the
Midwest, check out Biggby coffee. Pretty good usually, especially the Turkey Havarti Bagel. Warning: Drinks are very sweet if you dont' ask for something different.

We made it back to Kansas City and I was in office that Friday.

I went to the shooting range with Manny and his brother, and brought my two oldest David and Phillip. We all had a blast shooting our ARs and handguns. Manny's brother brought his combat
shotgun that was a wedding gift, which we got to shoot after much debate with the range officer.

Then the Lord's Day we were back at Christ Church Leavenworth, the sermon was on Nehemiah 8 by Daniel Spratt about covenant faithfulness, covenant confession, the sins of our fathers and how
to relate to past generations when repenting towards God.

We went to a birthday party that afternoon at Manny's sister's house, who graciously had us over with a close circle of friends for their daughter's birthday party. The kids had a blast, so
did we!

We have been working through Job this week as a family, looking at Elihu and God's responses to Job. Very humbling and encouraging. God is good and wise, don't question him regardless of how
bad you think things are in your circumstances. We are encouraged elsewhere in the Scriptures to consider God's purpose in dealing with Job: his end goal was mercy and goodness... not affliction
for affliction's sake.

This week at work has been good, very busy. Had a 24-hour contract customer go down over the weekend but I was able to get a part configured and overnighted to them on Monday. We had
Beckhoff Automation come into the office, and we are definitely looking at moving towards using them in future automation projects. Super excited to be working on more design projects, if
it could be my entire job I'd love it... have to keep the lights on with service for now though.

Switched to AT&T and got a Z Flip 5, a trippy folding phone. I think the tech is ready for primetime now after a few days with it.

We had the Lucas's over last night, enjoyed getting to know them.

I should be in and out with 2 small part swaps for a warranty issue in Jacksonville today.

Signing out,
Ben